looks like what we need to do is just
pick it up and yeah get your ramps back
in there all right so what I've done is
just slide the bed underneath the front
tire pick up on it a little bit
fit line tight
there's no sense of that just for your
information I've got the car in park
we've got the brake ebrake lock down
it's not going anywhere got my line tied
on it's not going to hold up at the
ranch back in somehow you lost him here
I don't know exactly what happened but
he lost his ramps as it was coming on so
we're going to make sure they're in
there good this time and look up under
here and make sure it didn't damage
anything I don't think I don't think
it's going to hurt anything I really no
of course we're at the vehicle and
they're going to check it out and make
sure it's okay really expensive car just
so you guys know I'm just as careful
with a Ford Escort say a 90 model Ford
Escort piece-of-crap car let's bit all
over I'm just as careful with that as I
am the BMW
that's the way it works
so we had the one ramp back under it and
we're going to try to get the other one
and well not we he is I want to make
sure they're locked in this time
alright well we got a man you want to
move this over a little
all right we're gonna come back down
and they're good they in there good now
just kiss aim the camera a little bit I
missed all that didn't I yeah it's back
on the wraps
yes with him do over silver
okay you're on your ramp so I'm going to
go ahead and slide out from under you
okay make sure you got everything on I
don't make it damaging at all
the MMU dealership here they'll make
that decision just going to bring my
neck right out
I'll get run over here
now we're sitting on Grahams that looks
good
so the mechanic pit was lender they're
looking at it he goes where's the tow
truck guy go I'm like right here he goes
how'd you get it off there I said I just
hooked the chain on there yank it off
the up scenic phase oh my god
he's like what
ah trust me I wouldn't have even touched
that thing if I thought I was going to
damage it I would have never even backed
up to it that's the way it works and
Toby I'm telling
anyway that's that for that I hope that
was interesting some of you I know a
couple of you like stuff like that so
anyway this is Gordy and I'll see you
did